---
title: News
date: 2026-02-19 14:12:10 +1
categories: [News]
tags: [News]
---

## Long time no see

I just want to give you some news. I'm currently working on basic things such as pwning GOAD in every possible case, mastering web vulnerabilities with Burp Suite labs, but the thing that takes most of my time is one project so ambitious.

No more suspense,

I'm writing a full C2 in Rust. If you've been in this field long enough, I know what you're thinking: again a new C2 like we see from students on LinkedIn, vibe-coded in two hours. But yeeaaah, that's not the case here. We are implementing every major feature to have a C2 working properly for professionals: execute-assembly, malleable profile, reverse SOCKS proxy, evading AI/ML protection, LLVM pass, COFF Loader, use of Crystal Palace. This will define a new generation of C2 if things go well.

I'm not alone here. I'm working with a few very talented people (I will not disclose their names), and we are working day and night on this. I really hope we can release this as an open-source project, but I'm not sure about that, this will be negotiated with our partner.

So this project will come with 4 elements:
- Obviously an agent, in Rust
- A server
- A TUI, because I'm addicted to this
- A GUI, for the skids (I'm kidding lol)

I will release more information as it comes. In a few days, I will probably put an execute-assembly PoC in Rust WITHOUT clroxide.

**EDIT 1:** clroxide is good—it's not signatured, and the only detections we have are from AI/ML, so I'm gonna use clroxide for now. I forked clroxide to implement an AMSI bypass using `Load_2` instead of `Load_3`. [This article](https://www.ibm.com/think/x-force/being-a-good-clr-host-modernizing-offensive-net-tradecraft) explains why. We're gonna develop more AMSI bypasses and ETW evasion in the future, and bypass ML/AI using a few tricks, but for now it's good enough. The execute-assembly works well—I just need to find some time to create a clean PoC.
